Measurement is the act of measuring the length with a ruler, measuring the body with a scale, and measuring the time with a stopwatch.

It may not feel special because it is a familiar behavior, but it is one of the important theories in quantum mechanics. Just as you need a 'tool' to measure length, weight, and time earlier, in quantum mechanics, you measure with an 'operator'. You need to use the 'position operator' to know any positions, and you need the 'Hamiltonian operator' according to the 'Schrödinger equation' to know the energy of a particle. Also, when the act of measurement is carried out, the measured values ​​are transformed into values ​​we see in our daily lives. In other words, the motion occurring in quantum mechanics is measured by using an operator, and the measured value is shown as values ​​expressed in the existing dynamics system.

Here, according to the entanglement description introduced earlier, let's assume that the state A and the state B are entangled. And the entangled things were measured with an appropriate  operator. What will happen? Surprisingly, it is determined as A or B by the probability we don't know. This phenomenon is called 'collapse'. Once a decay from a quantum state to a classical state through the act of measurement, it cannot be reversed.

In our game 'Quantum Coda', we applied the 'Mesurement' phenomenon performed by the user guessing the number of opponents' tiles. When one of the superposition numbers of a tile is matched, a 'Collapse' phenomenon will be occured then the number is determined as one of the two. We applied the 'Collapse' phenomenon by this. Wait, there is a comment - This phenomenon collapses when the user hits correctly the numbers of a tile, but does not necessarily collapse with that number. The game provides a relative probability for this (it's an option, so you can play our game more difficult if you off it.), so you can estimate which number will collapse, but that number will not unconditionally collapse.