Superposition is the phenomenon for certain things that consist of linearly independent components.

As I know, maybe you think the definition is boring and can be a little difficult, so let's take an example in Classical Mechanics - movement phenomena occurring in everyday life. Suppose there are three people here named Alice, Bob, and Charlie. (I will abbreviate these people to A, B, and C in the future.) A and B are attached together, and C is about 5m away. When A talks to C, C will listen to A. Also, if B talks to C, C will hear what B says. Here, suppose A and B spoke at the same time. Did C understand what A and B said? No. So C will ask you to speak one by one. But even if C couldn't hear well, the words A said and B would be mixed. This is 'superposition'. In a little more detail, C heard the 'combined' words that said from A and B. That's why C didn't understand the newly created 'Talks'.
We can think this situation caused by 'sound wave'. In other words, it can be treated as a wave. In the above example, the word from which A was made and which B was made combine to create a new sound wave. But what's surprising here is that sound waves are 'waves', so they can be decomposed into several trigonometric forms through a 'Fourier analysis'. Here is another example to explain. 'Noise Canceling'. The function installed in headphones these days. It emits a wave that cancels out the daily noise, so you can enjoy music completely.

This phenomenon also applies to Quantum Mechanics. However, in the Quantum Mechanics System, it is treated similarly from a classical mechanical point of view because it has both particle and wave properties of light. Among the experiments shown is the 'double slit experiment'. In the experiment, if light was originally treated as a particle, it would have to appear as continuous patterns when passing through the slit. However, the results of the experiment are not so, some places are bright, some places are dark, some places are bright, some places are dark... and so on. If you treat light as a wave here, considering the previous situation, you can think that the dark areas are combined with opposite waveforms, and the bright areas appear bright because the same waveforms are combined.

In our game 'Quantum Coda', we applied the 'superposition' phenomenon by having two numbers on one tile.